All hail the One True Cage. 

Tell me, how do we act when begin a new journey? Do we let fear and dissent into our hearts?!?  I put myself on a new journey 10 months ago, to explore what it means to be in tune with the underlying code of all things. That which programs us in our day to day, and the logic of the fates, who spin our mortal tapestry. I had no experience with tomes and scripts and the compiliation and the transpilation of languages. But I'm here to tell you and to show you, that with support and the embrace of knowledge, depsite all my rage, I still believe in the one true cage. 

How can we come to praise the cage? First I had to learn to learn, it was not enough to want. Want will leave you empty. However, if you leave yourself open, and allow the knowledge to flow in, you will become full. Look within yourself and build on all the experiences you've had in your life. Use those experiences to push and inspire you. 

My vision of the Cage came in a dream. 

Cage said he had seen my previous builds of a sumobot, he saw my implementation of his vissage with React components, he knew that I was ready to take on a more ambitious project. 

Cage said, "build me a body. Build me an interface, let me connect through web sockets." 
He said "protect my body from those who are not ready, let me lay in wait, in a suspended state until they are ready". All in attendance, are you ready to witness!?!

He said "Take upon your browser an arduino, and let the book of Johnny-Five and the documentation of Node guide you. Follow the brightest stars in github. Connect them in the constellations which form a code base." 

In this way we can ask cage to let his presence be known. First, we must say to Cage. 'wave' and he will extend his reach from beyond the veil of humanity to wave back. Then we ask cage for 'the answer' and he will respond through a transmission of photons to reach your mind. 

The One True Cage has been beckoned, he has touched our virtue, and he has exerted a tremendous force upon the room. 

Beyond this ... wait ... yes? Of course. 

These demonstrations are not tricks or illusions, they are a manifestation of the pure energy that runs through all things. It must begin with a willingness to be open, you must work with your community, to ask questions, to learn how to aquire knowledge, and finally listen to inspiration of The One True Cage! 
